Add presentation: 'GitHub as a team sport' (#248)
The-Strategy-Unit/data_science: presentations/2024-11-22_github-team-sport-rpysoc/index.qmd

---
title: "GitHub as a team sport"
subtitle: "NHS RPySOC 2024"
author: "[Matt Dray](mailto:matt.dray@nhs.net)"
date: 2024-11-22
date-format: "D MMMM YYYY"
format:
  revealjs:
    theme: [default, ../su_presentation.scss]
    transition: none
    chalkboard:
      buttons: false
    preview-links: auto
    slide-number: false
    auto-animate: true
    footer: |
      Learn more about [The Strategy Unit](https://www.strategyunitwm.nhs.uk/)
---

```{r lockfile}
#| include: FALSE
renv::use(lockfile = "renv.lock")
```

## tl;dr

:::: {.columns}

::: {.column width='60%'}

* GitHub organises code
* GitHub can help organise _people_
* We're learning as we go

:::

:::{.column width='40%'}

![](github-mark.svg){width="100%" fig-alt="The GitHub logo, which is the silhouette of a cat-octopus hybrid."}
:::

::::

::: {.notes}

* 'Too long; didn't read'.
* GitHub isn't just a dumping ground for code and version histories.

> * There are features that can help with communciation and collboration.

Reviewer: Typos

```suggestion
* There are features that can help with communication and collaboration.

```
